c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.exe.config
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.exe
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.pdb
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.xml
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing_Task_1.Form1.resources
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing_Task_1.Resources.resources
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.exe
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.xml
c:\users\temp.ed\source\repos\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.pdb
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.exe.config
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.exe
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.pdb
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\bin\Debug\Computing Task 1.xml
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing_Task_1.Form1.resources
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing_Task_1.Resources.resources
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.exe
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.xml
D:\University\Computing\Computing Task 1\Computing Task 1\obj\Debug\Computing Task 1.pdb
